One, two, three, tap your feet, such a classic melody One, two, three, you know the words, so sing along with me One, two, three, motley scenes shining through the silver screen One, two, three, don't cha think this is how it ought to be? Just another day, throw your cares away And laugh hand-in-hand with me Just another day, just another day (It's just another day, it's just another day) One, two, three, what's the nicest thing you see? (Hmm) It's me The world you know, always runnin' to and fro A frightful place to be But don't be scared, I'm not going anywhere! So just don't touch the dial and stay here a while with me! (Woah) Panic! In-static! Out-manic Don't you find it all romantic, the way things used to be? Classic, ecstatic, it's magic To trip the light fantastic, repeat it after me This is how it should be, in studio seats My ego wired in the CRT We can skip the sign-off, ol' familiar scene, repeating This is how it should be One, two, three, sing with me, it's a catchy melody A. B. C it sounds so sweet when you sing along with me Four, five, six, check the script? Keep your harmony in key Ten, nine, eight, for the sake of the way it ought to be Just another day, throw your cares away And laugh hand-in-hand with me Just another day, just another day keeping our company Who cares what people say? We'll stay another day in revelry, reverie! Always be together, fair and stormy weather Never growing older, never growing colder Always be together, now and for forever One, two, three, who's the brightest star you see? It's me The world you know never seems to take it slow A tiring pace indeed So don't delay, I'll be here to save the day Just please don't touch the dial Just stay here a while with me (ah) Panic! In static! Out-manic! Don't you find it all romantic, the way things used to be? Classic, ecstatic, it's magic To trip the light fantastic, repeat it after me This is how it should be, in studio seats My ego wired in the CRT We can skip the sign-off, ol' familiar scene, repeating This is how it should be When you go, just don't change the channel I hope you won't be long After all, I want to be wanted Is that so wrong? Panic! In static! Out-manic! Don't you find it all romantic, the way things used to be? Classic, ecstatic, it's magic To trip the light fantastic, repeat it after me This is how it should be, in studio seats My ego wired in the CRT We can skip the sign-off, ol' familiar scene, repeating This is how it should be! This is how it should be, in studio seats My ego wired in the CRT We can skip the sign-off, ol' familiar scene, repeating This is how it should be (How it should be, this is how it should be) (This is how it should be, this is how it should be) This is how it should be